---
title: "Play Games"
date: 2025-08-26
categories:
  - "Thoughts"
tags:
  - "gaming"
public: true
---

It seems like we get to game less as we grow older. We have a 9-5 job.
We have chores and other stuff to do. To me it's because I feel like I
should be spending time on self improvement, be it work, language
skills or studies, but at the end of the day we are just humans who
won't survive long with too much stretching. That's why I incorporate
gaming into my routine.

It may seem easy, just play games, right? But at first it was hard for
me to find games on which I want to spend my time. I bought the PS5
and initially Gran Turismo 7 was the only game I would play. To be
honest I bought it _just_ because of Gran Turismo. It's the only game
I have been playing consistently until recently.

Just weeks ago I finished _Time Flies_, a short indie game published
by Panic. I didn't think much and didn't know what to expect when I
was making the purchase; it was cheap so I thought, "just play it".
Finishing it felt like an accomplishment because I hadn't finished any
game in a long time. There was also a little surprise at the end. And
so I started exploring more games, especially indie games.

Currently I'm also playing Astro and Wolfenstein II on my PS5.

I like how gaming transports me into a different world. It allows me
to forget all else for a while and just focus on the new world in
front of me; it sets my mind free.

The indie game scene right now is more vibrant than ever before and
it's a good time to start exploring. I feel like I am ten years old
again when almost every game I encountered simply looked fun.

Coincidentally, today I found a video titled
'[Just Play Games on Weekends](https://youtu.be/CCufDroUlv0?si=VlZl3hRoyp0yAY6o)'
which emphasises my idea. **Just play games.**

Don't overthink. Pick a game and enjoy it. You need to relax and be
that kid again.
